Scraper_V1,0Public - Instructions

PASSWORD: FORTISION

HOW TO USE
1. Enter the target URL in the URL field
2. Select a scrape tier from the left panel
3. Click "Set Path" to choose where to save files
4. Click "Execute" to start

TIERS EXPLAINED
Tier 1 - Mirror    : Downloads basic assets (images, css, js)
Tier 2 - Arch      : Same as Tier 1 but organizes into folders
Tier 3 - Deep      : Crawls and downloads subpages too
Tier 4 - Audit     : Checks SEO and meta tags
Tier 5 - Data      : Extracts all links to a JSON file
Tier 6 - Advanced  : Full diagnostic report of the site

SETTINGS
Request Delay    - Adds delay between requests (avoids bans)
Timeout          - How long to wait for a response
Randomize Agents - Rotates browser identity per request
Auto-Open Folder - Opens output folder when done

REQUIREMENTS (only if running from the .py source file)
If you are running the exe file you do not need any of this.
If you are running the raw Python script you will need:

1. Download and install Python from:
   https://www.python.org/downloads/
   Make sure to check "Add Python to PATH" during install.

2. Install the required libraries by opening CMD and running:
   pip install requests beautifulsoup4 lxml

WHAT IS SCRAPING FOR
Web scraping is used for research, archiving websites,
collecting public data, SEO analysis, and development testing.
It is a common and legal practice when used on public websites
that allow it. This tool was made to help people do exactly that.

DISCLAIMER
I am not responsible for any misuse of this software.
If you use this tool to scrape websites without permission,
violate terms of service, or cause harm in any way, that is
your own unlawful decision. This app was made purely to help
people with legitimate scraping tasks. Use it responsibly.

AV WARNING
Some antivirus engines may flag this exe.
This is a false positive caused by PyInstaller.
VirusTotal scan: [paste link here]

VERSION: 1.0 Public
MADE BY: IShowSezamoloin